get allies and general welcome to draw
with jaza
I'm Jezza and this is the very first
ever animation showcase this is going to
be happening once a month so send me
entries if you have animations and you
want a chance to be entered now this
being the first animation show okay so I
got a bit of an idea as to how many
entries I get and what the tone of them
generally sort of is and I get to decide
the format of the show so what I'm going
to be going with is five videos a month
so five animations a month and one of
those will be picked to be on the front
page of view grounds now in addition to
those five every month are some entries
that don't quite make it into the
showcase so if you're gonna check them
out and go to the tumblr page I'll make
a post where you can go check them out
otherwise this is the selection of the
first ever five animations for the
animation showcase the first is by
YouTube user East beast films and it is
called noodles the swag bot meets
Yoshimi and it's extremely well
animators got this noodley sort of feel
to it quite quaint sort of characters
and good movement of the camera and
although it's a short animation is quite
cute well polished and well executed
the next entry is by Newgrounds user
arrows Kumari 71 and it's called kicker
cam now I believe that this was done
with a group of people who work together
on this animation entry but that still
qualifies and it's a cute sort of
animation mostly tween citrix sort of
animation and so you know pose to pose
but the structure of it all is very
clean there are interesting backgrounds
and motions in parts of the animation
and they've done it quite a good job the
animation shows are very clear narrative
no there is no narration or voiceovers
you can clearly tell what they're trying
to communicate what the characters
thinking and it's all technically well
pulled off
our next piece is by new grounds user
chomp it and it's called escape it's an
animation about a young boy who is
serving detention with a teacher who
obviously isn't very interested in
keeping an eye on him there are lots of
interesting things about this animation
first of all has a quaint simplistic art
style which is well executed it kind of
reminds me of Yotam parrell or lazy
muffin as people might know him on your
grounds shows a lot of ambitious
different things like camera pans and
parallaxing that's well executed
different expressions and a wide range
of animation styles and techniques from
tweens to frame by frame poster post up
in some good moments with motion the
next piece is by new grounds user ra.one
SOR and it's called gun cross trailer it
seems to be a bit of a teaser for an
animation who'll be coming out with
eventually but I really like the style
of how it all comes together it's quite
polished and it's got this tween centric
sort of animation style it seems we're
reminiscent of the anime manga sort of
style and it's got really good sort of
sci-fi settings good use of color and
Composition interesting parallaxing and
framing and good clean line work
perspectives effects everything's really
well put together
and finally ladies and gentlemen our
feature of this month is by comic dad
and it's called starved for soul this is
a very entertaining little animation
which is very fast paced and has quite a
good feel of comedic timing very cute
illustrations you can tell that this
person's put a lot of effort into
creating interesting scenarios good
angles good animation and frame by frame
the overall feeling of the piece is very
entertaining combined with the fact that
it's well Illustrated and very easy to
follow it all comes together to be a
fantastic piece of animation well
deserving of a front page feature gosh
it's only 11 I can't let myself get too
hungry I'm so hungry I can't really go
for some ice cream I would sell my soul
for something right now I burned the
cereal whoa hmm thank you all for your
entries to the first ever draw with
jazzy animations showcase it's been
really cool to see you work make sure to
send me your entries on you guys
there'll be a poster all after this so
you can see how to go about that
otherwise until next time ladies and
gentlemen keep animating and have a good
one I will see you later
do you want a chance to be in a future
animation showcase upload your animation
to the movie portal on Newgrounds comm
send me a link in a private message by
going to my user page jazz our new
grounds comm make sure to include the
words animation showcase in capital
letters in the message title you can
submit YouTube links but YouTube entries
will not be able to be rewarded with a
front page spot if they're the winner of
the showcase good luck and I look
forward to seeing your animation in the
future